a. a band of radio frequencies assigned for a particular purpose, esp the broadcasting of a television signal. b. a path for an electromagnetic signal. a stereo system has two channels.In computing, a channel is a model for interprocess communication and synchronization via message passing. A message may be sent over a channel, and another process or thread is able to receive messages sent over a channel it has a reference to, as a stream.a path along which information (such as data or music) in the form of an electrical signal passes. (2) channels plural : a fixed or official course of communication went through established military channels with his grievances. e : a way, course, or direction of thought or action new channels of exploration.bodily passage or tube lined with epithelial cells and conveying a secretion or other substance; the tear duct was obstructed; the alimentary canal; ”poison is released through a channel in the snakes fangs. Last updated on July 21st, 2021.channel is a wide strait or waterway between two landmasses that lie close to each other. A channel can also be the deepest part of a waterway, or a narrow body of water that connects two larger bodies of wateThe term "channel" may refer to a distribution system for businesses or a trading range between support and resistance on a price chart. Distribution channels describe the method by which a product moves from producer to consumer.The definition of a channel is a waterway, a means of communication and a specific television or radio frequency. An example of channel is the English Channel.A channel strategy is a vendor's plan for moving a product or a service through the chain of commerce to the end customer.Definition: The term Channel Management is widely used in sales marketing parlance. It is defined as a process where the company develops various marketing techniques as well as sales strategies to reach the widest possible customer base. The channels are nothing but ways or outlets to market and sell products.Channels. Channels are the ways in which the company communicates its offer to individual customer segments. In BMC, Channels are located between Value Propositions and Customer Segments. With this layout, you can match a specific value to a particular customer segment via an appropriate channel.Those involved in channel integration have a broad-based task. For example, ensuring that customers see the same prices on television that they do in company blog posts is an example of channel integration. Providing consistent messaging on the radio and in direct mailers is another example.The integration of marketing channels involves a process known as multi-channel retailing. Multi-channel retailing is the merging of retail operations in such a manner that enables the transacting of a customer via many connected channels.In general, think of platforms as virtual “locations” where consumers can engage with a brand's digital presence (whether that's a website, a mobile app, a social media page, or something else), while channels are digital communication mediums that are often associated with a given platform.Channel proteins facilitate the diffusion of water and ions down energetically favorable gradients. These proteins form channels through which ions or water mole- cules pass in single file at very rapid rates—up to 106 to 107 per sec per channel.Channel proteins transport substances down the concentration gradient, while carrier proteins transport substances both down and against the concentration gradient. Channel proteins form pores crossing the membrane, thus allowing the target molecules or ions to pass through them by diffusion, without interaction.Channels. Channel proteins span the membrane and make hydrophilic tunnels across it, allowing their target molecules to pass through by diffusion. Channels are very selective and will accept only one type of molecule (or a few closely related molecules) for transport.social networks, social bookmarking services, user rating services and any other online collaboration, sharing or publishing platform, whether accessed through the web, a mobile device, text messaging, email or other existing or emerging communications platforms.In telecommunications in general, a channel is a separate path through which signals can flow.

2) In the public switched telephone network (PSTN), a channel is one of multiple transmission paths within a single link between network points. For example, the commonly used (in North America) T-carrier system line service provides 24 64 Kbps channels for digital data transmission.

3) In radio and television, a channel is a separate incoming signal or program source that a user can select.

4) In optical fiber transmission using dense wavelength-division multiplexing (DWDM), a channel is a separate wavelength of light within a combined, multiplexed light stream.

5) On the World Wide Web, a channel is a preselected Web site that can automatically send updated information for immediate display or viewing on request. See push technology.

6) In computer and Internet marketing, a channel is a "middleman" between a product creator and the marketplace. Value-added resellers (VAR) and retail store chains are examples of channels in this context.

7) Using Internet Relay Chat, a channel is a specific chat group.

8) In IBM mainframe systems, a channel is a high bandwidth connection between a processor and other processors, workstations, printers, and storage devices within a relatively close proximity. It's also called a local connection as opposed to a remote (or telecommunication) connection.

9) In a field-effect transistor (FET), a channel is the semiconductor path on which current flows.

Related terms include: clear channel, channel extender, Fibre Channel, Fibre Channel over IP, channel associated signaling, and channel bank.
